you know all right
are you recording yeah you this all
right cool thank you so much for
clicking the record I'm curing tech open
myself for myself okay cool
welcome everyone to the Jaya score
they've weekly of August 13 today we
have a special weekly it's the need
quarter with you
apologies for selling wait we we got a
little bit
well the ipfs Allen's took a little bit
more time than usual because we had some
cool demos so check those if you didn't
if you weren't present today's call and
so as you can see like not everyone is
here so this was like a tough date
it's kind of like middle of the quarter
but a lot of people took some time off
after the intense months that was June
and well deserved some people are back
some people are taking out this week but
they gave us some updates through the
Christmas if you haven't opened a quick
path please do so now and as I was
saying today is about myth quarter ok
our review so what we'll do is I go it's
just like key results my key result and
kind of like just check in like what is
then what is yet to be done why is it
still important to finish it and then
after going through the every single key
result we all do a time exercise and
maybe we will do that first because it's
way faster and like it will just get
people to really checking themselves and
like see from what is left what we
actually have time to finish does it
make sense to everyone
sounds good there's some times up cool
by the way like I don't know what
happened to your connection but like
you're the quality of your image is like
super super nice right now he's just
like you improve to fiber or something
ok just not stop doing yeah not change
it move it cool all right
first things first you can see that the
Quinton point for today's reading
changed a little bit the as I said like
let's do the time exercise first for the
people that I here and this is really
for us to acknowledge how many days we
actually have left in the quarter the
end of the quarter is end of September
and you can see like given my
availability and then like the total
number of days is 35 but like when you
remove like holidays if you are taking
always or if you have some travel plan
or some conference attendance or
speaking or anything that like blocks
you from evering a regular day just
discounted and then from those days like
count all like what is 60% because when
we do planning we always like to just
plan for 60% of the time we have
available because there's always
something that appears out of nowhere
that steals our time and attention
so can king I get ya book is already Ali
Travis and Alex can you can you do this
as well
just like 30 seconds
you
cool oh I like sent drop is gonna
connect adjust the heck that you are on
it or
yeah yeah okay Justin calendar
you
all right Alex
to finish this maybe yeah you didn't
have a source to like check this quickly
no worries
I think I queer we are getting to the
picture I wanted which is like we have
in average like pretty much less than 20
days available to finish a bunch of
stuff right now when we go through the
others we will see how much stuff we
actually have left cool alright thank
y'all it's just in time let's jump into
their care then by the way quick quick
feedback like was this useful like it to
me it always helps like to understand
how many actual days because when we say
rest of the quarter or we are like all
over the quarter then we actually
realize they're like oh actually I just
have 12 days to finish all of this and
probably I'm depending on something from
someone else that I also there's not a
lot of time cool
so into the key results review and I'm
taking time so but let's try to keep it
short or I'll try to keep it short each
T enabled in Jessica fess I didn't get
the chest a lot of work towards this but
thanks to everyone's contribution and I
like the work on connectivity magic and
I check into located routing right now
we have like a clear three-step plan to
like deployed things like delegated
routing and and in the end like the fool
DHT and so the the PR for enabling HT by
default it invents much but there were
tests that were read and for this
purpose so there was like some
advancement I do still hope to like
again which is like a very important
goal of this quarter and I still hope to
act indicate most of my deaf time to
this get heavy purse demon always finds
all the repeaters demons again like
there was like a little bit of work done
towards this not much as I would like so
far again because of all the events and
this is going to be a common trend
because I got so like right down whether
there that meetings and the Web Summit
that I didn't get the chance to like 201
of development it was mostly testing
then walking things and support so on
circuit relay inter up like this got
done so go ipfs was supposed to to ship
some fixes on 0 for 16 and then it ended
up just like fixing the actual fixes we
need it on 0 for 17 we retested
everything we found an issue and and
jacob actually ships the fix i believe
this morning and so we actually went
from like is europe 5 to a 1 still
between hillock still good to the middle
of a quarter so that was like a great
success like we now can officially say
that we have said that relay that is a
couple with my PFS and we have tests to
prove it which is great who is not here
but i'll just like relay is at the h
like the jessica preston oade really can
i find out on the gateways and again
this is like real related with the
connectivity magic plan like their
thanks to the step one of the three
part plan we now have this fully then
the the remaining like it's fully then
as like the key result was kind of
humble but like we still want to
continue working on David even a magic
and I getting degraded routing and
getting the ditch team and yeah I'll
just continue like relaying for the
people that are not here Allen shared a
very complete update with us he has a
lot of notes here basically there was a
proper evaluation of inputs there there
is still to do something that puts ipfs
Jessica Fest to the elements of the
network and make sure that like we can
capture those logs in a way that we can
actually debug the problems and not just
like try to figure out what other
problems and then there is these two key
results about like making sure that
Chesapeake feds can demo a lot of data I
know that there's a lot of work I saw a
demo from one of the core dev sinks that
I was not present that I get oh pretty
good and and soon
it seems like some progress has been
done towards that goal like we can see
that the service worker or that is using
generators can also buy clothes or
abuela let's check in with Google next
week to see if you need some help at CPG
school and there is also the getting
again exposing disappearance of the
elements making sure these one of the
Chesapeake ice is used as one of the
good shopper nodes not a lot got done so
far but like there is a goal about
getting some progress there probably
depending on how the infrastructure team
is available or not cool any questions
so far there's anything that here
doesn't sound like correct to you or I
don't see any hands by the way but just
just say something because I cannot see
everyone when I'm screen sharing cool
okay Alex good to share
at least one
yeah so it's working I've got a docker
image I just need to deploy it somewhere
so open yeah I opened an issue on the
instructure repo last week I got a
response asking me to build something
different which was tedious I said no no
this is cool we need to deploy it
somewhere and then tumbleweed
so I heard reminder on it saying hey
this is blocking my q3 ok are still
tumbleweed can I just start a pro clubs
Amazon account and just set it up and
deploy it that would be cool interesting
ok so totally hearing your you raising
issue or what
we have an account I guess I could just
have to give you access so that you can
explain a machine bike spinning a
machine should also not take forever
like if this is already blocking you for
two weeks and then I let's erase this
has like a really urgent blocked issue
because it stopping you from achieving
like finalizing squirt one thing that I
completely forgot because we were short
in time from the beginning I was like to
ask for a note-taker
my apologies can someone phoned here on
the fly to be the note-taker so let me
make sure to like capture these issues
as we go through the key results thank
you so much oh okay cool so let's
follow up on like as soon as we post the
the notes from the disk all let's make
sure to like ping our lane for such
regards to get you either machine or
just get the thing deployed as you need
worst case scenario by next week yeah
well let's just give you an accountant
like then you can I'll block yourself
and I can get it to work
another option is are you like do you
have do you have flex space like you
have an hour drive that you can try this
at home so that like you can start
testing it this as soon as possible
and if you don't have their drive let's
get you there right so you can like
start promoting things I mean it becomes
pretty big it should be like three
terabytes right right now here so there
are external hard drives
we've with that space you know if you
want it's just like going both fronts
like infrastructure and
if we just saw poke you know the
container somewhere that we can deploy
that's probably better I think because I
know other people can use it as well
we can yeah okay a bit of early feedback
rather than just me in an ivory tower
with banks and banks of humming
machinery okay
is there a way to just stood up an IPSS
node and habits block store stored in s3
as the Keystone because that's probably
like the most expedient way to do it
because like yeah I mean like like that
like that's that's like a massive
harddrive and you're just like waiting
for a failure okay all right so if we
had these think these drop the things
running on UCS and they would use s3 as
a dais tool you you could also use that
three locally right like if you're
running the test locally and creating
the whole data store you could just have
it store in a remote s3 and then you can
get unblocked well you just have access
to s3 and then we can get something up
running permanently they would just use
the same s3 bucket right sure I mean
like storage I think stories the
interesting problem here it's getting it
deployed and having it the fluid
reliably and you know by the app being
accessible to people that's what that's
what wrong I really need to do to get
the ochio kind of picked off got it
I think like the other concern here is
of like putting three terabytes in just
be fast hasn't been tried before I know
you found a lot of performance issues so
I asked me a Michael I more on the
camera let's try to get them out data as
soon as possible so that we find the
issues and NES you're right like they're
the endgame is really to get it deploy
so that we can use it as a registry but
while while we are blocked by
infrastructure we can explore we can be
creative about like trying to get the
whole NPM on Jessica's yeah I mean just
for reference like when I was doing the
github archive stuff and dealing with
that much data if I had been doing it
remotely if I would have just been
constant like the back and forth on
trying to debug it would have been
really painful so like
that's a lot the only reason why I was
suggesting using s3 and then running the
things locally just just to make sure
that it works and do any debugging
locally mm-hmm cool okay so let's follow
up on on this I see that Jacob was
taking notes Thank You Travis gender
like shared I played at IPTV sure so
I've been still still trying to get this
the code merged it's there's been it's
been water back and forth and it's
rather large change I'm hoping I can
decrease the slope of that PR to really
focus in on the the interface and see
why changes to allow those to kind of
move forward and then I can refocus back
in on the actual plugins that are used
to manipulate each different of the node
types ipfs and you know Jade for the Jas
side and the NGO side docker and whatnot
um so I'm hoping there's been a lot of
comments on the plug-in side of things
so I'm hoping that you know maybe strip
those out because they're not
necessarily needed for the merge I can
get the actual core updates merged and
then start redressing the plugins which
will then also include the Jas side of
with node and also also the browsers but
for the most part everything's been gone
really low everyone's like the the
changes in the direction towards that
project it's just water water code has
changed so it's that merge has been kind
of dragging on so I'm think I'm gonna
try and like I said deescalate
those sides to start moving that forward
so I have some forward progress there
but overall it's going well and excited
for the getting the browser part working
or something gonna start researching a
little bit further this week and I think
we're on goal like said to finish in the
projection so awesome awesome thank you
for that that yeah looks it looks sound
what I would say too I can coach people
like get you like faster reviews or like
be happy or be interested to merge your
code faster it's just like two demos
like do a screen
stuff like that in working like if the
code is there just like a bunch of PR
but cuticle is there and they got it in
working recorded mo or by showing like
interrupt test between just defense and
ipfs and like two weeks from now when
you have the browser nodes I also do
that because then then people will be
super excited to help you like just slam
the thing right now everyone is every
single thing is like fighting for
people's attention and so it might sound
less exciting from we can just set the
codes but like it will look very
exciting at looking at a demo and I
could people wanting it from all over
yeah sure I actually recorded in them I
don't know if you had ended up sitting I
dropped it in the ipfs step-touch chat
there's already one okay sorry I didn't
see it
awesome send me the link or nice okay so
we are really short in time and I really
have to cut in five minutes because I
have to open their core they're quickly
wearing all the apps today so like just
going to be first just because I got
published contributors we are still
looking for days like we hope at least
to get one new contributors to help on
to City Pass them
there's a lot of work on just a thief s
using basically to like I wouldn't be
the demo right after the dead meetings
that showed a lot of exciting progress I
think he's very being very humble here
with this Europe one there is work
towards the CI cutting CITS time and it
is blocked on infrastructure notes on
the creep path and there is this very
large and ever that Alex volunteered to
tackle on research design over type of
next-generation ipfs remote epi Alex do
I can give an update here yeah I have
another chance to stop it because I've
been doing NPM oh nope you got it got it
sounds good and so if we can then walk
you faster for NPM you probably can
spend more time doing this one jumping
in yeah maybe to say more
now it's just a game okay cool all right
jumping into lead pure pure vos squeeze
out here Jacob the ones like to give a
general update on everything yeah rip
titties
um so delegated pure and content routing
those are in a pretty good state those
modules right now looking at circuit
relay and some of the natural stuff to
make sure that everything is basically
we're just trying to get connectivity
magic going so we're working working on
that I just need to get on doing some
additional tests notice that circuit
relay stuff is a bit annoying locally to
get running on switch so I'm getting
working on cleaning that up to natural
vs. all that is so there's a spec for it
that's in discussion so that is probably
gonna be the biggest blocker for getting
that done
DHT interrupt Vasco is this is the
higher priority but it's going to take
more work than what he's looking at for
IP NS of the pub/sub so he's trying to
figure out which one he should be
focusing on with DHT being the higher
priority but taking more time he has IP
NS working with go the inter up is
working locally I'm so he's just
finalizing that and as part of that he
did some Interop baseline interrupt work
with GS and go the repos so we're hoping
to over the course of the next several
months to start getting those repos the
repos working better together and dude
full interoperability because there's
some other stuff but we have basic
Interop working right now then Lippe to
be debugging this hasn't been started at
all with the other priorities taking
taking precedent and so well we're going
to be working on is there is some
discussion around
blog tracing that we're gonna look at
doing and then but I don't think for the
updating whippy-tippy and Limpy to be
switching to full state machines on
think that's going to take in an
ornament amount of time and I don't have
any vacation or anything planned through
the end the quarter or so I think I
should be able to pump those out the
daemon make the baseline RPC the
baseline of what we wanted to basically
an API for the daemon we still need us
to get with the rest of the Lib PDB team
and figure out what that needs to look
like so that we can get that implemented
with interrupt tests so likely that's
not going to get done I know that the go
team is is pretty tight so I I don't
know that they'll have the go
Damon done for this quarter and then
yeah I think that's it doesn't really
have questions sounds good like from as
you say there's like something that did
some things here that depend on you girl
with peer-to-peer and Wesley could
appear and so and given if they are IP
juice it might be better for you to like
really focus on the one the other piece
euros and P ones and kind of like start
a conversation so that we and we have
the time to play an exporter with no
other two teams it is something I like
everyone it's a huge check off that time
and not just as trying to push the whole
thing for everyone
you might like be like running in this
being will by yourself and so cool from
my key results here yeah like the way
p2p really zakat property fun fair and
like I said like job 9 and not to 1
because we did one release and I now
it's time to do at some point and other
release and I want to encourage Jacob to
do that one and I just mature like
everything ran smoothly as as fun and I
think you to go so that's what I'm doing
this is you're applying to one and yeah
I'm already planning to drop the idea
although I guess we could appear on your
websites to focus on the other things
and still focus on like bringing at
least one more contributor to just like
could appear on a team increased
capacity we are really over time now and
I do need like book it can you like do
you're updating like 30 seconds so that
we have it captured yeah and it is
actually pretty quick so I haven't done
that much work on graph sync and I
probably won't finish it I just was so
much north with like other IP LD stuff
but I still try hard to the end alone
collar to concentrate on prophecy okay
in it probably if needed like we can
have a design session soon or I can
review all the design sessions soon so
that we can I help you I got finder the
actual plan to to learn things if they
like just be me if you like yeah yes
there isn't an open from the from the
DEF meetings which basically out so yeah
all right cool thank you I really need
to cut this meeting not sure like it
sometime or we started a white so it's
kind of short or I need to go to the
chord chord F again check the time that
you have available like check the what
others could ask or for the key results
if you depend on them to finish yours
really acknowledge if I go like probably
you might not get some features that you
need before you starting to work on some
of yours and like it's better to focus
some I want a few an deliver them well
then we try to do everything and then
like get like a bunch of 0.40 fives
nevertheless like looking at these key
results it seems like people I'll build
we are two massive events people are
kind of like energized there is a lot of
momentum there's a lot of things getting
done and if you feel confident that you
can shoot everything then do it like
just go for it I feel great about you so
thank you all going to stop the
recording now any like any question any
are like burning question cool all right
see you all next week bye bye
I guess foci needs to stop the record